Add section on how to add the initial admin user (#10532)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/guides/src/main/server/configuration.adoc

By default, the configuration options for the production mode are commented out in the `conf/keycloak.conf`. These examples
 are meant to give you an idea about the main settings to consider when running in production.

== Setup of the initial admin user

The initial admin user can be added manually using the web frontend when accessed from localhost or automatically using environment variables.

> To add the initial admin user using environment variables, set `KEYCLOAK_ADMIN` for the initial admin username and `KEYCLOAK_ADMIN_PASSWORD` for the initial admin password..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add the initial admin user using environment variables, set `KEYCLOAK_ADMIN` for the initial admin username and `KEYCLOAK_ADMIN_PASSWORD` for the initial admin password.
```

> To add the initial admin user via scripting, set the environment variables `KEYCLOAK_ADMIN` and `KEYCLOAK_ADMIN_PASSWORD` for username and password of the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add the initial admin user, set the following environment variables: `KEYCLOAK_ADMIN` for the initial admin username and `KEYCLOAK_ADMIN_PASSWORD` for the initial admin password..
```

Keycloak uses them at the first startup to create an initial user with administration rights.

> Once the first user with administrative rights exists, use the command line tool `kcadm.[sh|bat]` to create additional users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the first user with administrative rights exists, you can use the UI or the command line tool `kcadm.[sh|bat]` to create additional users.
```
